hey minions killer sticks back with
another video this one in the son of
Cromer axe DLC that just came out today
and I just want to make kind of a quick
little video showing you guys how to get
the the last little treasure chest at
the end that me and Cheech when we
played through this we were a little
confused about the whole process and so
yeah I figured this would be kind of a
safe little video to show you guys what
you need to do so basically on this dock
over here there is this market injection
machine thingamajigger I'm not sure what
it's called yeah you walk up to it and
you place ten iridium on here as such
and then click the button and what
that's gonna do is it's gonna give you a
needle that's full of - god knows what
iridium whiskey juice elixir that's what
we're going with
and basically you want to take this back
over across the map I'm going to show
you where we go for this and there is a
barkat pod that's there right from the
beginning of this DLC and you're gonna
inject it for a treasure market and so
far I've seen a couple of videos and a
couple pictures of people who have
gotten some pretty good stuff out of
this treasure chest
so don't know that this treasure chest
necessarily has a higher drop rate or if
people are just farming it like crazy
whatever the case may be try for
yourselves and see so another thing I
wanted to show you guys is this is a
really quick shortcut kind of way to get
up to this thing instead of running all
the way around which is kind of a pain
you can jump up on this little ledge
jump up on the following ledge and then
run over here now you will need to know
how to grenade jump so what you got to
do is take off your grenade wad but in
your backpack like such throw a grenade
at your feet and then watch as somebody
stands right in your way alright throw
at your feet on the second balance jump
up and push forward and that gives you
your height and distance that you need
alright so once you're up here you just
click on inject pod it's gonna pot up
and give you a bar kid that is drunk out
of his mind on iridium and what you're
gonna do is you're gonna want to follow
him and he is going to take you
basically right back to where we just
now got the injector
over there he will give you a treasure
chest you will have to fight some
enemies I'm long along the way now
here's something weird is sometimes when
you're not the host you will not see the
treasure chest so basically just walk up
to where it would be and you'll see that
it gives you an option to open and click
on that and voila it magically appears
now on this run we didn't really get
anything on that great but as you can
see there's purples and blues so you
know it seems like it's pretty good so I
appreciate you guys watching please take
a moment to rate comment subscribe take
care